docs: update upgrade docs for v1.10 (#10772)
rook/rook: Documentation/Upgrade/ceph-upgrade.md

We recommend updating to v16.2.7 or newer. If you require updating **to v16.2.0-v16.2.6**,
please see the [v1.8 upgrade guide for a special upgrade consideration](https://rook.github.io/docs/rook/v1.8/ceph-upgrade.html#disable-bluestore_fsck_quick_fix_on_mount).

!!! warning

>     Ceph v17.2.2 has a that affects Rook. We recommend using v17.2.3 or newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Ceph v17.2.2 has a blocking issue to run with Rook. If running Quincy, we recommend v17.2.3 or newer.
```
